hey guys we'll dta here I haven't made a
video in a long time and a lot of stuff
has been going on lately and I've been
kind of silent about it so i figured i
would take my time to just kind of make
it all into one video and talk to you
guys about a few different things first
thing i want to talk about is the iphone
OS four point oh i have not installed it
yet i'm thinking about doing that soon
but for what I've seen on the internet
iphone OS four point oh is awesome it's
basically going to give you a lot of the
functionality that you get from a
jailbroken phone I think apples kind of
purposely doing it kind of snub out
jailbreaker it's a little bit it allows
you to kind of theme your device a
little bit background multitasking a lot
of new additional features game center
so a lot of cool stuff like that iphone
four point oh is it really going to be
coming out for months really they just
now gave it to all the developers or
start making apps because it kind of has
a different framework but other than
that guys I wouldn't be dig around the
internet to try and download and install
I guess you have to have a dev account
to do it and if you have a dev account
you can just download it right from
Apple so I wouldn't be trying to do a
pirated or illegal because it's really
difficult unless you're a developer and
there actually is a jailbreak right now
there's an exploit for it well we don't
know that for sure but muscle nerd one
of the members of the iphone dev team
kind of hinted to it on twitter that he
has a exploit for 4.2 jailbreak which
but that's also kind of bad so that
means that there won't be a jailbreak
until four point oh comes out probably
so that's good and bad at the same time
okay guys now that i've talked about the
iphone 4.0 OS let's go ahead and now
talk about the ipad oh yes the ipad this
has been getting a lot of attention
lately and I just want to take some time
to discuss a few issues with you guys
now I don't have an iPad and honestly I
don't plan on getting one anytime soon
maybe when the second generation comes
out and i'll tell you why i believe it
or not really don't read that many books
i listen to a lot of audiobooks but i
don't read that mini book so i really
have no use for a giant ebook reader
and if I was getting an e-book reader I
probably get a kindle because it's a lot
cheaper the ipad for most intents and
purposes is an e-book reader with ipod
functionality and a lot of people are
saying but wait wait wait it's got all
the games and it's good for watching
movies and you can write papers on it
it's got a doc in a keyboard yes that's
all true but honestly for the price that
I'm paying for that I would rather go
out and just get a laptop or a different
tablet that's running an actual computer
OS a lot more functionality apps are
cool for an iphone or an ipod touch not
for a tablet computer I just don't get
the functionality out out of it that I
would like to have don't get me wrong
the iPads a cool device I've played with
it it's very nice I mean it's well built
it runs great I mean it's very very fast
but it just isn't what I need it doesn't
suit what I need I already have an ipod
i already have an iphone i don't need a
giant ipod you know so that's just my
stance on it i might get one later on
just for the sake of filming videos for
you guys now that we've talked about the
ipad let's talk about the ipad jailbreak
geo hot has already demonstrated that he
has a exploit and a jailbreak for the
ipad at least for the 3.2 firmware that
just came out with the ipad don't expect
a release date anytime soon guys I
really doubt it will be coming out any
time soon they're probably either going
to wait for iphone OS 4.0 to come out
where they're going to wait for the next
iPhone itself to come out they might
even come out at the same time so I
don't know okay guys last thing I want
to talk to you guys about is the next
iPhone the iPhone what we have no idea
what's going to be called I'm just going
to call 4g for now I know it's not going
to be on a Ford Gina where it guys but
I'm just gonna call it that the next
iPhone I'm expecting amazing things from
Apple the 3gs was kind of just like a
stepping stone for Apple it wasn't like
a new iphone it was this kind of the
iphone 3g with an upgraded processor I'm
expecting a whole new different kind of
phone different design different body
I'm also hoping with the next iphone 4
to have a forward facing camera much
faster processor than the iphone 3gs
I would hope I would like it to be
thinner than the iphone 3g and 3gs right
now but I'm kind of doubting that I'm
thinking I'm probably about the same
thickness but it should have a bigger
screen or at least a higher resolution
screen and it should have a lot more
functionality now I think because they
got to really keep up with HTC and
android and google and all these other
phone companies now coming out with
their devices that are kind of blowing
iphones out of the water to be honest so
they really got to try and keep up and i
think the next iphone that's when
they're going to do it they're really
going to smash the whole market for
something out there everyone's going to
want to buy again just like when they
release the original iphone in 2007 well
guys this has been a huge video wait
longer and I want it to be do a quick
recap ipad is got an exploit out right
now don't expect to release any time
soon it's probably going to be a while
iphone OS four point oh already has a
jailbreak for it well at least we think
it'll probably be out when the next
iPhone comes out and when the next
iPhone comes out you can be assured that
i will be one of the first people to
pre-order it because i'm already saving
up I've been saving up since the 3gs
came out for this thing so I'm all ready
to go and buy that soon as it comes out
hopefully they will sell the new iphone
unlocked where you don't have to get a
contract that's what a lot of people are
speculating but not sure I'll definitely
get a gsm version if they have two
different versions and i'll run that on
t-mobile and guys I'd like you to do me
a favor there's an annotation right here
that annotation will take you to my
second channel I'm really trying to get
my second channel partner will dt
productions it's a cool channel I post a
lot of video editing and picture editing
tutorials and just like random things
how to make like video intros and stuff
like that so go check it out please
subscribe big favor to me thanks guys
well guys I hope you liked the video if
it did please rate comment subscribe